Ending: give the cure to the colony
Text: You arrived on Cryke 2H23 just in time. You decided against entering cryo sleep again for the journey back home, out of fear that you wouldn't wake up again. As a result, the head ache steadily worsened and halfway along the flight you lost all feeling in the infected arm, to the point where you were unable to even lift it up, let alone steer the ship with it. Once you finally entered Cryke's atmosphere, the claw had begun to involuntarily snap at everything around it and by the time they dragged you out of your cockpit you had completely lost any sense of your body and your limbs were thrashing uncontrollably. Shortly after that, you lost consciousness.


Ending: take the cure yourself
Text: You open the little yellow strongbox with the evil-looking pictogram. Inside lies a small phial with a strangely blue-ish glowing liquid. 'Well, that's quite convenient!' you think as you uncork it and chug the potion. Immediately you start choking and the infected arm begins thrashing violently. Your throat feels as if you just drank fluid fire and it takes all the willpower you can muster to force the liquid down your gullet. After the most agonizing two minutes of your life the pain finally resides. You might just be imagining it but looking down at your arm you notice that the red swellings appear way smaller than before. Out of curiosity you try to use the parasite's telekinetic ability to push the yellow box away from you and while you still manage to hurl it across the cargo hold of your ship, it certainly responds much more sluggish to your will. Satisfied, you cross the few paces to the cockpit and strap yourself into the flight seat. Of course you are not rid of the parasite yet, but you can't help but feel much more at ease than in a long time as you go through the preflight-check.


Ending: split the cure sample
Text: Despite your fear that half the cure would not be enough to fully heal you or that the amount wouldn't be sufficient for the colony, you still decide to take matters into your own hands. 'I'm technically getting the cure for the colony, so it would be only a matter of time until I received some of it myself, right? Right.' Having justified your decision for yourself you proceed to open the yellow box. Inside lies a small phial with a strangely blue-ish glowing liquid. You open it, pour about a third of the sample into a metal teacup you recently found hidden in a dusty corner of the cargo hold, reseal the phial, put it back into the box and chug the potion in one go before you can question your judgement any further. You then get into the cockpit of your ship and fire up the engine. Time to head home.

